Do no define connection as a conversation (#2077)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

Endpoint:

> : An entity that can participate in a QUIC connection by generating,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: An entity that participates in a QUIC connection by generating,
```

Author: I thought about `s/can participate/participates/` but then I realized that during the handshake the endpoints send and receive QUIC packets before the connection is established -- perhaps that's why it was written this way.  I also want to limit this change only to the connection/conversation business.

# Connections {#connections}

QUIC's connection establishment combines version negotiation with the
cryptographic and transport handshakes to reduce connection establishment
latency, as described in {{handshake}}.  Once established, a connection

> may migrate to a different IP or port at either endpoint as

Reviewer 2: We only specify client-side migration.

Author: This is reflowed verbiage: I only made changes related to the "connection is a conversation" bit.

Reviewer 3: @marten-seemann, I think this is an artifact of the effort to specify the migration primitives generically, even if only clients can migrate freely in v1.  Given the SPA mechanism, this is literally true as written, but more constrained that one might infer from this text.  Feel free to open a separate editorial issue for this, but I don't think we should make @dtikhonov fix it in his unrelated PR.
